YES.
Master Chu, don't hit me anymore.
Still abdicate.
Bach Tam Lam
Doing so is deceiving the master and destroying the ancestors.
Bach Tam Lam, look how poor we are from top to bottom.
Many disciples cannot afford lipstick.
What face do you still have to be this leader?
Master Chu, we do this all for Nga Mi.
Leader Chu took it easy.
How much favor did Bach Tam Lam give you?
This time with the help of puppets.
You will die today.
Bach Tam Lam even if I die
You don't want to be this sect master either.
The big problem is we die together today.
Who is the master of Nga Mi?
Where are you from?
You are the head of the Nga Mi, it is me
Your atmosphere is not right.
Tricky.
Tell me, I will reconcile you.
Is the Emei Patriarch Hall a place for idle people like you to go?
If you do not get lost, the sword in my hand will not be familiar with you.
I am the great-grandson of Chu Hinh Hue, the Patriarch of Nga Mi.
She said should I come?
The Bold Fanatic
Dare to insult the founder of Nga Mi, die.